#,Project,Tracker,Parent task,Status,Priority,Subject,Author,Assigned To,Updated,Category,Target version,Start date,Due date,Estimated time,% Done,Created,Story points,Velocity based estimate,Position,Remaining (hours),Description
48929,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48923: Inspiring Flow Video ,Accepted,Should have,Optimize flow.typo3.org,Berit Hlubek,Karsten Dambekalns,2014-04-07 07:14,Communication,"",2013-06-06,"","",0,2013-06-06 17:35,"","",1196150,"","* Find missing content
* Find content that has to be optimized or updated"
48926,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48924: Funding,Resolved,Should have,"""Workpackage"" for Flow release",Christian Müller,Christian Müller,2013-08-07 08:05,"","",2013-06-06,"","",0,2013-06-06 11:28,"","",1196000,"",""
48925,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48924: Funding,Closed,Should have,Workpackage for coordination,Christian Müller,Christian Müller,2014-04-07 07:15,"","",2013-06-06,"","",0,2013-06-06 11:28,"","",1195950,"",""
48924,Coordination Group,Topic,"",New,Should have,Funding,Christian Müller,Christian Müller,2014-04-07 07:15,"","",2013-06-06,"","",100,2013-06-06 11:20,"","",1195900,0.00,Umbrella topic for everything related to team funding.
48923,Coordination Group,Topic,"",Closed,Should have,Inspiring Flow Video ,Berit Hlubek,Berit Hlubek,2013-08-16 15:10,Communication,Meeting 06.06.2013,2013-06-06,"","",0,2013-06-06 11:19,"","",1195850,0.00,"The video is ready and should be published soon. No objections. :)

Upload to Vimeo + Youtube, include via Vimeo if possible (nicer)

*Next Steps:* Should be published next week on Flow website. Berit will coordinate this and check if there are any slums on the site which need some cleanup before ..."
48922,Coordination Group,Topic,"",Resolved,Should have,Neos Code Sprint 4/2013,Christian Müller,Christian Müller,2014-04-07 07:12,"","",2013-06-06,"","",100,2013-06-06 11:18,"","",1195800,"","will be in week 40 (30.09.-6.10.2013) in Frankfurt/Main, Germany.

Next Step: Christian will get in touch with the location sponsor (DECIX) and fix the actual dates.
"
48921,Coordination Group,Topic,"",Resolved,Should have,Creating a new Neos Website (2013),Robert Lemke,Berit Hlubek,2014-04-07 07:12,Communication,Meeting 06.06.2013,2013-06-06,"","",0,2013-06-06 10:32,"","",1195750,"",See http://forge.typo3.org/projects/typo3neos-website-communication/issues for related issues
48445,Coordination Group,Suggestion,"",Resolved,Should have,Coordinate git/gerrit repository renaming,Aske Ertmann,"",2013-08-07 08:05,Infrastructure,"",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 05:05,"","",1172100,"","We need to rename our Git and Gerrit repositories before our release of 1.0

This should probably also be done with the Flow repositories.

* Gerrit repository renaming
* Git repository renaming / symlinks
* Updating composer paths 
* Continues integration adjusting"
48444,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,New,Should have,Decide on Quality Guardians,Christian Müller,"",2013-05-22 05:03,"","",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 05:03,"","",1172050,"",""
48443,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,New,Should have,Prepare Forge Roles for new team structure,Christian Müller,"",2013-05-22 05:03,"","",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 05:03,"","",1172000,"",""
48442,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,New,Should have,Decide on active contributors,Christian Müller,"",2013-05-22 05:03,"","",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 05:03,"","",1171950,"",""
48438,Coordination Group,Task,"",New,Must have,Developer documents,Aske Ertmann,Karsten Dambekalns,2013-06-06 11:24,Quality Assurance,"",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 04:35,"","",1171750,"","Since we've now created a few documents for the new UI/UX and styling implementation we should consider where to put documents like that. They're mostly for developers/designers working on Neos and shouldn't be places for discussion. We need to be a little careful since some of the UI stuff should probably only be released to those interested in contributing. But in general after the release of 1.0 we should have a place for these publicly.

My suggestion:
* Create page on neos.typo3.org with links to specific Google documents
* Make documents read only and share to specific people if they need editing rights
* Disable commenting
* Keep the UI document within the team until release of 1.0"
48436,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,New,Should have,Finish Team restructuring,Christian Müller,"",2013-06-06 11:24,"","",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 04:26,"","",1171650,"","Decide for active contributors, create role for that in Forge and same for Quality Guardians."
48435,Coordination Group,Topic,"",New,Should have,Implement new team structure,Robert Lemke,Robert Lemke,2013-06-06 11:24,Organisational,"",2013-05-17,"","",0,2013-05-22 04:25,"","",1171600,0.00,This is the umbrella topic for all tasks related to the implementation of the new team structure (http://typo3.org/news/article/neos-and-flow-an-update-for-the-team-structure/)
48434,Coordination Group,Topic,"",New,Should have,Topic workflow for Coordination Group,Robert Lemke,"",2013-06-06 11:24,Organisational,"",2013-05-22,"","",0,2013-05-22 04:23,"","",1171550,"",We'll need a (briefly) documented workflow for how we organize ourselves in the Coordination Group using the issue tracker
48345,Coordination Group,Topic,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,Accepted,Should have,Establish team account for social media,Robert Lemke,Berit Hlubek,2013-06-06 11:16,Communication,Meeting 06.06.2013,2013-05-21,"","",0,2013-05-17 09:12,"","",1167100,"","We should register an account at http://bufferapp.com which allows all Active Contributors (and certain people form other teams) to post on the Twitter / Facebook / App.net accounts of Neos, Flow and hopefully also the TYPO3 project.

* coordinate with Ben
* coordinate with existing maintainers of the TYPO3 Twitter and Facebook account
* check how the ""awesome"" account at Buffer would be paid (which budget? which credit card?)
* set up guidelines for usage
* make sure that new / leaving Active Contributors are added / removed

Even though a lot of people have access, they must read the guidelines and possibly check with the ""social media leader"" before they first use one of the accounts"
48344,Coordination Group,Task,Topic #48435: Implement new team structure,New,Should have,Define possible access rights and entitlements for Active Contributors,Robert Lemke,Christian Müller,2013-05-22 05:02,Community,"",2013-05-17,"","",0,2013-05-17 09:08,"","",1167050,"","We need to create a list of accounts, access rights and other benefits (typo3.org email address) each Active Contributor is entitled to. This can later be used as a check list."
